Document that rpmbuild is required for bdist_rpm (#1547)
pypa/setuptools: changelog.d/1456.doc.rst

> Document that rpmbuild is required to build bdist_rpm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documented that the ``rpmbuild`` packages is required for the ``bdist_rpm`` command.
```
